Add allowlist ip address kb article (#1875)
vercel/docs: pages/knowledge/how-to-whitelist-deployment-ip-address.mdx

import Layout from '~/components/layout/knowledge'
import Note from '~/components/text/note'

export const meta = {
  title: 'How do I whitelist my Vercel deployment IP address?',
  description:
    'Information on how to handle IP whitelisting for a Vercel deployment.',
  editUrl: 'pages/knowledge/how-to-whitelist-deployment-ip-address.mdx',
  url: '/knowledge/how-to-whitelist-deployment-ip-address',
  published: '2020-06-02T18:54:36.000Z',
  lastEdited: '2020-05-24T18:54:36.000Z'
}

When using third-party services such as databases, you may encounter the option to restrict incoming traffic to your resource to a specific IP address or address range.

> Vercel deployments use dynamic IP addresses. As a result, **it is not possible to whitelist a specific IP address or address range to access the resouce**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Vercel deployments use dynamic IP addresses to ensure maximum scalability. As a result, **it is not possible to determine the deployment IP address or address range** because the IP may change at any time as the deployment scales instances or across regions.
```

> ## Whitelisting All Addresses

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Allow All IP Addresses
```

> To ensure your Vercel deployment is able to access the resource, you should whitelist all addresses, entering an IP address of `(0.0.0.0)`.

Reviewer: Is `0.0.0.0` true for all software?

Whilst this may sound concerning, to allow connections from all IP addresses, research has shown that relying on IP whitelisting for security is ineffective and can lead to weak passwords being used.

> To properly secure your database, we recommend using a randomly generated password, at least 32 characters in length, and to rotate this password on a regular basis.

Reviewer 2: Add a note about SSL + DBs. An example: https://github.com/mysqljs/mysql#ssl-options
